Todo:

DONE Draw many cubes

DONE User can turn cubes on/off

DONE Depthcue in fragment shader
DONE Depthcue better

???? Lighting and volume

!!!! Adjust params so inner cube is smaller

DONE Antialiasing. MSAA, use GLEW and ARB PixelFormat extension. Actually Glload already does what glew does.
DONE Closing the dummy window posts a WM_DESTROY, and you don't want that to break the message loop.
		Make a separate window class for the dummy window with a different wndProc
DONE Check if wgl_LoadFunctions() needs hdc or hdc_dummy (Is fine with dummy)

DONE Better Colors

DONE Draw many cubes with colours to differentiate

DONE Draw Text to Screen
	DONE Camera and LookVector in 3d
	DONE Camera and LookVector in 4d

!!!! Toggle Text

DONE 3D Movement only lets you go in one dir at a time (no diagonals)	-  Used GetAsyncKeyState

DONE Up and Down in 3D Movement

DONE Reset button (Space?)
DONE Adjust rotation speed to rotate around center of central box (4d origin)
	!!!! You did it wrong think harder

XXXX 4D Movement
	Keep Track of Up Right and Over Vectors? //Does the cross product just take care of it?
		Apparently the cross product doesn't exist in 4d.
	Maybe instead of moving your look-point just rotate the world around you, then you can keep the up and over vectors fixed
	Looks like rotation after a certain point will flip orientations?
	Have plane limited movement in 3d/4d?
XXXX Toggle between 4D and 3D Movement

DONE 4D rotations using bivector rotors. Make sure gimbal lock is solved

DONE Rotating on two planes at a time doesn't work (Wasn't calculating r-tilde correctly, forgot that pseudoscalar keeps sign when all components reversed)


DONE Stereogram render
???? Check which eye is supposed to be offset in which direction
AAAA Depends on viewing technique

!!!! Draw 4D Coordinate Axes

XXXX W=0 clipping. (Will need to pull matrix math back out of shaders)

???? Why is the 4D World to camera vector on the left, but 3D World to Camera is vector on the right
AAAA One of the matrices is transposed

DONE Use proper parallel stereo render http://paulbourke.net/stereographics/stereorender/